Alright now in this video we're going
to take a look at using Controller
Advice and this is a way to set up a
global type ExceptionHandler. And in
this example, I'm going to reformat this
NumberFormatException handler that we
had. And what I want to do here is I want
to set this up globally because
otherwise, we want to handle it in our
ImageController as well. So remember our
ImageController also is going to be
going by ID. So we have the same
vulnerability there to get a NumberFormatException. So we want to handle
this at a global level and using
Controller Advice is ideal for that. So
what I'm going to do is just completely
delete this from our RecipeController
and then I've created this new class
called ControllerExceptionHandler and
annotated it with ControllerAdvice. And I
also have the Project Lombok annotation
there for the logging framework. And this
is literally a cut and paste what we had
in the RecipeController. So I just moved
this whole thing over to this class. I'll put
a line break there, makes it a little
more readable. And now this is going to
handle it at a global level. But I also
wrote a new test here and if we run it
what's going to happen is it's actually
going to fail. And we need to, we're actually
going to have two failing tests. Let's go
ahead and run those right now. I'll show
you the failing tests in Controllers. So
we're going to have these two failing
tests and I'll show you exactly why
because what's happened is we didn't set
up our MockMvc correctly. So what we
need to do is I actually have it here in
the Controller, just commented that out. We need to wire in the ControllerAdvice.
So that's happening inside of our
setup for the MockMvcBuilders. So by
doing it this way, we're not relying on
the full Spring context. We're still
using the mocking framework keeping our unit tests very light and
fast. So now if I go in that and I need
to add that into the test for this guy
as well. So we're going to set the
ControllerAdvise on our MockMvcBuilders.
Now if I come in and rerun those tests,
we will get those passing. So I can see
those are passing now. I think I still
have this up. So let's go ahead and take
a look at it inside of here. So I still
have that one. I'll make sure that we're
still getting the proper view which we
are. So now we have a much nicer
implementation of that. So if our
application were to grow some and become
more complex, we're now going to be
duplicating code. So if we did not use
the global ExceptionHandler, we would
have to add this into every class. So
this is a nice way if you have a global
situation across your application that
you want to handle in a specific way. You
can handle this across many Controllers
that way. So it's a good refactoring and
it saves you from duplicating code and
multiple cCntrollers to handle the same
error message. So the ControllerAdvice
annotation is a real handy addition to
the Spring MVC framework.